Updating the Writing Checklist (#195)
arfc/arfc.github.io: manual/guides/writing/checklist.md

- [ ] A phrase of the form <verb>ion of <noun> is probably clearer as <noun> <verb>ion. (For example, convert "calculation of velocity" to "velocity calculation".)
- [ ] Cite all software. Review [the principles](https://www.force11.org/software-citation-principles) and try [CiteAs](https://citeas.org/about) if necessary.
- [ ] Refer to software consistently by name.
- [ ] Each sentence/paragraph should logically follow the previous sentence/paragraph.

> - [ ] Concise language - If you're going to say something, don't beat around the bush.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Be concise - If you're going to say something, don't beat around the bush.
```

> - [ ] Concise language - If you're going to say something, don't beat around the bush.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Be concise and direct.
```

:grimacing: ironic

> - [ ] Cite your sources. In particular, cite all images, methods, software, and empirical data.

Reviewer 3: Line 52 mentions citing software as well. If citation errors are common enough, you could make a separate section about them to provide similar resources as in 52. Or you could combine both and make each word (e.g., software, images, methods, and empirical data) a link to an appropriate site.

Author: Thanks for the input! I didn't realize I was just duplicating the item

> - [ ] Cite, Cite, Cite. Cite images, software, anything of that nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Cite your sources. In particular, cite all images, methods, software, and empirical data.
```

> - [ ] When making examples, use variables instead of numbers, or use symbols/math characters instead of acronyms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] When giving examples, use variables instead of numbers and use symbolic math instead of acronyms.
```

> - [ ] Italicize words or phrases distinct to your work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] When you introduce words or phrases that are unusual or likely to be unfamiliar to the reader, italicize them.
```

> - [ ] You're a human writing for other humans: Make the wording exciting, and remember some people reading it won't know as much as you do. Be specific, yet general enough for others to know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] You're a human writing for other humans: Make the wording exciting, and remember some people reading it won't know as much as you do. Be specific, yet general enough for others to understand.
```

Reviewer 2: > Be specific, yet general enough for others to understand. 

Is the suggestion to limit jargon? It seems rather vague, to me.

> - [ ] If you use an uncommon word, either consider changing it or define it in its first usage.

Reviewer: Maybe move this line to be adjacent to the one about italics.

> - [ ] Don't repeat yourself too much. Using the same phrase every few paragraphs gets boring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Vary your sentence structure to keep readers engaged.
```

Reviewer: Sentence structure and repetitive phrasing are different things here. In this checklist item, @Dayvis7 is capturing one of my most common edits, which is spurred by the author overusing a phrase.
